On-Premises Quick-start improvements (#7)
cksource/ckeditor-cs-on-premises-infrastructure: quick-start/README.md

- [Git installation guide](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git)

> On-Premises Quick-Start installation will download few docker images with about 2GB in size. Similar space on your disk is also required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The On-Premises Quick-Start installation will download a few docker images about 2GB in size. Similar free space on your disk is hence required.
```

## Setup steps
1. Make sure that Docker Desktop is running. You can check the Docker tray icon to see the current status.

> 2. Verify if you have all needed tools installed by running this command in your terminal:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Verify if you have all necessary tools installed by running this command in your terminal:
```

```
docker -v && docker-compose -v && node -v && npm -v && git --version
```
You should see all version numbers of those tools. If there is a message `command not found`, then please install the missing tool before proceeding to the next step.

3. Clone this repository and install packages with the following commands:
```
git clone https://github.com/cksource/ckeditor-cs-on-premises-infrastructure.git

cd ckeditor-cs-on-premises-infrastructure/quick-start && npm install
```

> 4. Run On-Premises Quick-Start, replacing credentials placeholders with your credentials:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run On-Premises Quick-Start, replacing the credentials placeholders with your own credentials:
```

```
node setup.js --license_key="YOUR_LICENSE_KEY" --docker_token="YOUR_DOCKER_DOWNLOAD_TOKEN" --env_secret="YOUR_ENVIRONMENT_SECRET"
```
Where:
- `license_key` can be found in CKEditor Ecosystem Dashboard inside your CKEditor Collaboration Server On-Premises subscription.
- `docker_token` can be found in CKEditor Ecosystem Dashboard inside your CKEditor Collaboration Server On-Premises subscription in the *Download token* section. If you do not see any tokens, you can create them with the *Create new token* button.
- `env_secret` is your password, that will be used to access the [Management panel](https://ckeditor.com/docs/cs/latest/onpremises/cs-onpremises/management.html)

> **Running this setup process for the first time may take several minutes.** It has to pull few docker images from the web, install packages and build the editor bundle. Further command runs will be much shorter. After the successful installation, you should see a message `Visit http://localhost:3000 to start collaborating`. Open this page in your browser. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Running this setup process for the first time may take several minutes.** It has to pull a few docker images from the web, install the packages and build the editor bundle. The following command runs will be much shorter. After the successful installation, you should see a message `Visit http://localhost:3000 to start collaborating`. Open this page in your browser. 
```

When your testing session is over you can simply stop running the process in the terminal with Ctrl+C and created containers will be removed from your machine.

## setup.js arguments

> Only 3 arguments are needed to successfully run our On-Premises Quick-Start. There are other optional arguments to customize this setup process. Here is a list of all possible arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Only 3 arguments are needed to successfully run our On-Premises Quick-Start. There are also other optional arguments to customize this setup process. Here is a list of all possible arguments:
```

```
--license_key=""      - required,
--docker_token=""     - required,
--env_secret=""       - required,
--docker_endpoint=""  - optional, default is "docker.cke-cs.com", use it to change docker registry url
--version=""          - optional, default is "latest", use it to specify a different version of docker image
--cs_port=""          - optional, default is "8000", port for Collaboration Server On-Premises
--node_port=""        - optional, default is "3000", port for Frontend part of Quick-Start
--keep_containers     - optional, use it to preserve created containers on exit
```

> **Note:** If you use different ports, then please remember to update URL endpoints after opening a sample page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note:** If you use different ports than the default ones, please remember to update URL endpoints after opening a sample page.
```
